content/about.md, before:

+++
title = "Hello there 👋"
+++

<!-- insert avatar to the right column and resize to 200px and inline with the above paragraph -->
{{<image src="/images/avatar.jpg" alt="avatar" position="right" style="border-radius: 50%; width: 200px; margin-left: 20px; margin-bottom: 20px; float: right;">}}

My name is Jiaxiao (Joe) Zhou, and I also go by Mossaka. I love building things that make developers' lives easier 💙.

I'm currently working at Microsoft's [DeisLabs](https://deislabs.io/) as a Software Engineer. Here are three tags that say a lot about my career

- Open Source
- WebAssembly
- Rust

I'm a maintainer of Containerd's [Runwasi](https://github.com/containerd/runwasi/) project, a lower-level OCI runtime for running WebAssembly workloads, [SpinKube](https://www.spinkube.dev/), and [SpiderLightning](https://github.com/deislabs/spiderlightning). I am also a Recognized Contributor in the [Bytecode Alliance](https://bytecodealliance.org/).

Outside of work, I've probably best known for running online [meetups](https://github.com/splvm) that focus on distributed systems, database, OSes and emerging cloud native technologies.

Below are a few activities that you may find interesting:

## Speaking

I enjoy sharing knowledge with other developers in the form of public speaking. I've spoken at a number of conferences and meetups, including:

- [Go Meets Wasm: Harnessing the Power of Wasm Components with Go (中文)](https://youtu.be/Q7BIJX7gTGg?si=f5d_YQF28zZ4gsXI) [23' KCD Shenzhen]
- [Take Wasi-Cloud-Core for a Spin](https://youtu.be/W-ubCAMAJQc?si=Z1PaRhU18IMfOXns) [23' WasmCon]
- [WASI and the Cloud](https://youtu.be/5WQRT62V_VU) [23' KubeCon EU]
- [Hands on with WebAssembly Microservices & Kubernetes](https://youtu.be/LdsyS2cedOw) [23' KubeCon EU]
- [A New Kind of Cloud System Interface with WebAssembly](https://youtu.be/zEPeMN0ZlBM) [22' Cloud Native Rejekts]

You may find the full list of my talks at my Youtube channel [here](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKxo2eM8yW3cj42DaXx154Q).

## Meetups

I run a number of Chinese meetups that focus on distributed systems, database, operating systems and cloud–native technologies. You can find the full list of meetups that I run [here](https://github.com/splvm). Send me an [email](duibao55328@gmail.com) if your interested in hearing more about the group.


<!-- add social media links -->
You may find me online at:

- [@jiaxiao_zhou](https://twitter.com/jiaxiao_zhou)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@MossakaLvZ)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/Mossaka)
- [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/mossakaa/)

Commit message:

content/about: Updated the projects I am working on and my conference talks
Signed-off-by: Jiaxiao Zhou <duibao55328@gmail.com>

content/about.md, after:

+++
title = "Hello there 👋"
+++

<!-- insert avatar to the right column and resize to 200px and inline with the above paragraph -->
{{<image src="/images/avatar.jpg" alt="avatar" position="right" style="border-radius: 50%; width: 200px; margin-left: 20px; margin-bottom: 20px; float: right;">}}

My name is Jiaxiao (Joe) Zhou, and I also go by Mossaka. I love building things that make developers' lives easier 💙.

I'm currently working at Microsoft's [DeisLabs] as a Software Engineer. Here are three tags that say a lot about my career

- Open Source
- WebAssembly
- Rust

I'm a maintainer of Containerd's [Runwasi] project and [SpinKube], both of which advance the state of the art for WebAssembly (Wasm) running on Kubernetes. I am also a Recognized Contributor to the [Bytecode Alliance], contributing to projects like [wit-bindgen], [wasm-tools], and [go-modules]. I co-organize the Bytecode Alliance SIG Guest Languages Go Subgroup, where we discuss integrating Go with WebAssembly.

Outside of work, I am probably best known for running online [meetups] that focus on distributed systems, databases, operating systems, and emerging cloud-native technologies.

Below are a few activities that you may find interesting:

## Speaking

I enjoy sharing knowledge with other developers in the form of public speaking. I've spoken at a number of conferences and meetups, including:

| Talk                                                                                               | Conference               |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| [Running WebAssembly Workloads Side-by-side with Container Workloads](https://youtu.be/Bq5aTYyRBH0?si=iZBZpCwrKC2pr6Mo) | '24 KubeCon              |
| [WASI to Go: Write Once, Go Anywhere](https://youtu.be/IM9Leoqc-xY?si=Z3oHmejr2thxkw9K)            | '24 WasmCon              |
| [Virtual Machines, Containers and WebAssembly Face-off](https://youtu.be/IwjGnxS-GaQ?si=RUCqCK7q9fi8W2jQ) | '24 Cloud Native Rejekts |
| [WASI and the Cloud: A Game-Changing Duo](https://youtu.be/vCwXSedT674?si=i6yMelBnUEVkkj3t)        | '24 KubeCon WasmDay EU   |
| [Go Meets Wasm: Harnessing the Power of Wasm Components with Go (中文)](https://youtu.be/Q7BIJX7gTGg?si=f5d_YQF28zZ4gsXI) | '23 KCD Shenzhen         |
| [Take Wasi-Cloud-Core for a Spin](https://youtu.be/W-ubCAMAJQc?si=Z1PaRhU18IMfOXns)                | '23 WasmCon              |
| [WASI and the Cloud](https://youtu.be/5WQRT62V_VU)                                                 | '23 KubeCon EU           |
| [Hands on with WebAssembly Microservices & Kubernetes](https://youtu.be/LdsyS2cedOw)               | '23 KubeCon EU           |
| [A New Kind of Cloud System Interface with WebAssembly](https://youtu.be/zEPeMN0ZlBM)              | '22 Cloud Native Rejekts |

You may find the full list of my talks at my YouTube channel [here](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKxo2eM8yW3cj42DaXx154Q).

## Meetups

I run a number of Chinese meetups that focus on distributed systems, database, operating systems and cloud–native technologies. You can find the full list of meetups that I run [here](https://github.com/splvm). Send me an [email](duibao55328@gmail.com) if your interested in hearing more about the group.


<!-- add social media links -->
You may find me online at:

- [@jiaxiao_zhou](https://twitter.com/jiaxiao_zhou)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@MossakaLvZ)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/Mossaka)
- [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/mossakaa/)

[DeisLabs]: (https://deislabs.io/)
[Runwasi]: (https://github.com/containerd/runwasi)
[SpinKube]: (https://www.spinkube.dev/)
[Bytecode Alliance]: (https://bytecodealliance.org/)
[wit-bindgen]: (https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wit-bindgen)
[wasm-tools]: (https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasm-tools)
[go-modules]: (https://github.com/bytecodealliance/go-modules)
[meetups]: (https://github.com/splvm)
